# Entry 2: Technology in Fashion
##### 11/27/23

## What I found
### Apps and Technology
There are some people that are not informed about some of the technology in Fashion. So that's why I'm here to research about it and help by giving out the info and tech that I have found in my research for people who are into it as well. One of the things I found was a [website](https://www.harpersbazaar.com/fashion/trends/a2713/best-fashion-apps/) that gives links to other websites that are fashion apps or websites and it gives some descriptions for all of them to give you an idea of what they could be like and if you like how it's organized or the taste of the clothes. One of those apps, for example, is [Depop](https://www.depop.com/) and it's a fashion app/website, so you can browse the site on computer, phone or anything but there is an app for it on IOS and Android. In the app, there are multiple types of styles, usually vintage clothing though is there being sold. Another app that I found was outside of the one where I found a list, which was [Dr. Jays](https://www.drjays.com/?utm_content=WtMVAk0J_pcrid_51701201&pcrid=51701201&kw=drjys%20.com&utm_source=bing&utm_medium=cpc&utm_term=drjys%20.com&utm_campaign=Drjays&pmt=b), here, this store sells clothing but it's mostly the shoes that matter since they seem to promote it more since they have well known brands and they sell those shoes. If you're more of a shoes person rather than being about the clothing, then this store is for you. 

<hr></hr>

### Gadgets
Moving on to the gadgets, I found a [website](https://kimhancher.com/fashion-gadgets/) which also has another list but this time it's with some fashion gadgets people can easily use and don't know about it yet. For example, there is a spot cleaner which can be used to clean up a part of your outfit. Plus it even has different soaps for you to use just in case you may need that as well or if that matters to you. There is also specific laundry soaps for different kinds of clothing, like sweaters, sports wear, and etc. You can use these if you ever feel like your clothes are too dirty now and you don't wanna bundle it up with the rest. There is also another [website](https://www.selectspecs.com/fashion-lifestyle/best-fashion-gadgets/) that has another list. In it, there is a ring you can wear, which looks normal at first glance, but when you start to take a closer look at it, it's actually a bluetooth ring, which has the function to send text, emails and call notifications via. vibrating or changing colors. Another one of the gadgets in that list is a bracelet, or atleast it looks like one. It's similar to the ring because it's also able to send notifications to the wearer, but through an app this time. Those notifications contain tips on how to prevent skin aging if you wanna still look young.

## How I found it
Since after the first blog, I've been doing a lot more research on the topic of Fashion and preparing for the next blog, so I can write about it. Now that i've been doing the research, I can write this blog and tell others all about this knowledge and information I've found throughout these websites. I've also been able to sharpen up on the skills I used before in my first blog, so that's really great for me.

## EDP (Engineering Design Process)
I'm currently on the second or third step of this process possibly, which is Researching the problem and Brainstorming possible solutions. I'm still doing some research so that still puts me down there in the second step. However, I am advancing a little more now since the last blog because I've talked about how my website will later on inform others about the technology and gadgets that involve themselves in Fashion. So that's me brainstorming in a way for the future website. In order for me to move on to the next step, I need to do a little more research and think of ways of how I'm gonna make the website look like or how it'll be organized after I've finished all that.

## Skills
### How to Google
All of this researching has helped me to sharpen my skill of being able to know how to Google. I've been able to do more filtering and specifying for things, like I talked about in the first blog. It's taking me a little less time than before to find just what I need for my work. Which is really good since it can take a while to find some stuff that's actually helpful. It allows me to learn the knowledge I need from that specific topic and show others the same thing, like I'm doing right now in this blog.

### Growth Mindset
Since I'm still not like the fastest researcher yet, I do still need to have some patience with googling stuff if something doesn't come up. So that's where the growth mindset comes in for me. I know rushing into stuff isn't always the best since you can get confused and you have to start all over from the beginning anyway. So there's kinda no use to that if that's gonna happen. That's why having a growth mindset is better. You keep going at it with your pace, whichever is good for someone, and you keep trying. I've learned that I shouldn't give up so easily if I can't find what I need when researching. It's always best to get back up and keep doing your best, so you can improve and get better at it by finding out what my issue was. Like I still had one issue during the research, so I got stuck for a second and had no idea what to do. Then the first skill comes in to play a part here and I then realized that what it was I needed to do. I had to switch up the wording of what I was searching for. But I needed to think of how to do that. Then when I've finished thinking about that, it can work and it did. This is why having a growth mindset is better so you don't fail so easily. 

[Previous](entry01.md) | [Next](entry03.md)

[Home](../README.md)
