# Entry 3: Brainstorming Part B and finalizing
##### 12/18/23

## How I brainstormed about Part B
When I had to think about Part B, I looked back on my software and hardware I already had planned out for my website. Those would give me ideas for some future products I could come up with. I thought that maybe there could be so much more to technology than there is to it right now. I thought about virtual themed products, something like VR fits. I thought that there was a way to expand on the software and hardware there already is in Fashion. When I had VR and AI in mind, that led me to coming up with an AI helper. That was the first idea I had gotten and I had more details for it than any other, so I may have grabbed some inspo from those details and placed it on the other future products I had in mind. The AI Fashion helper would be able to be on your side and help with anything Fashion related that you need. For example, it'd help you find out what your style is and find clothes from that style immediately. If you ever feel like switching it up, then the AI helper would change as well and show off other styles for you test and love. It'll switch up just as you do as well since it would be your personal helper. Another few things that this AI can do is that it'd give a virtual avatar for you to test on clothes if you're not too sure yet for an outfit. it can give tips and suggestions for makeup looks depending on what style you're into so that's another plus. For my other ideas, they were mainly VR since I feel that VR products would be easier to come up with in Fashion. Another project that had given me some inspiration for VR was [someone's fashion project](https://bobbyc6231.github.io/sep10-freedom-project/). They had the same topic as me and that was what mainly gave me ideas for VR. One of these ideas would be a Fashion world for other people into Fashion can get into it and talk to others, so it's like an interactive VR game, like most of the other future ideas are too. You can talk to people in it and even collaborate on Fashion projects to make an outfit from scratch, then once you are done, everyone who had worked really hard on it would receive that outfit that was created or even sell it to others. My other ideas are VR so I think the point is already through so I won't need to talk about it. So that's how I was able to brainstorm for Part B, with the help of the software and hardware that's already meant for Fashion.

## How I finalized my content
Once I was able to do all of this, I needed to organize it all and add some more facts to it so that I'd be sure it was fine to put on my future website. The way I was able to do this was by seperating everything in three sections since there was the software, hardware and future products. I think it would be confusing to not seperate the software and hardware, so that's what I did so it wasn't able to confuse it. After all that organizing, I did some digging through other people's [content](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1w025TKLSU0PxNJAaa4OIykkkhQI8gbeYSwAY-GccYrM/preview) and then it hit me to put some dates. These could be used to see when the other software and hardware already invented was made. That way you could see how long it's been used for in the past and up to now. Then I added on more to my ideas just in case if it wasn't enough information for the reader and I also tried to simplify it, so it wasn't hard to understand. After all that, there wasn't much left besides adding some visuals. Once I placed image links all over the hardware section, it was pretty much done and ready to go. That was all I needed to finish and I finally made my final version for the information I'd put on my website.

## EDP (Engineering Design Process)
As of now, I am in step three (Brainstorm possible solutions) or four (Plan the most promising solution) of the Engineering Design process. During this, I had to brainstorm for my Part B, which is what I did and was able to complete. But now, I had to come up with more inventions for the future that could be useful for Fashion and be more advanced in Technology, which can also be seen as planning. Now I hope to be able to move onto step four entirely so I can plan out for my website and how I would make it look like.

## SKills

### Organization
I had to organize through my FP content so that it could be the final version and that allowed me to get better on my skill of organization. I was able to organize my list and put it in a neat list that could make sense. I added more onto it and that helped it look more neater since it was things like dates, links and such. Plus I also divided the list in sections when I had to write about the software, hardware and future products. These are things that I don't normally do when taking notes, I usually just write everything down and not put it into sections and that makes things confusing sometimes. So doing this task really helped me to get better at organizing my notes, list and etc.

### Creativity
When I had to do Part B, I was supposed to come up with ideas and that made me use the creativity skill. I brainstormed for ideas for future products. It was a bit difficult since I wasn't sure at first but then it became easier as I got one idea and then others flooded in when I got inspiration from others and my own ideas. So it wasn't as hard as I thought and it was actually pretty easy to use creativity for Part B, so if i had to use this skill again, then I think it wouldn't be too hard since I also use it frequently now. But I am pretty sure I will use this again whenever I can come up with ideas for the website I will be making for my topic (Fashion). So I'm really excited whevener that will start and I hope it'll be fun.

[Previous](entry02.md) | [Next](entry04.md)

[Home](../README.md)
